well sometimes you get it completely
right and all the times you fail dismal
and this is definitely a fighter we
didn't get enough rain in the night
obviously to turn this rocky cascade
into a float deep enough to an hour the
thousands of sockeye salmon which you
can see this pink hue to actually move
up to their spawning lake which is right
at the top there but that's what it's
like to be a bear these things aren't
laid on like every third Wednesday in
September they are tied in with the
seasons but they do kind of happen in
conjunction with the weather so the
Bears would wander about waiting for
moments like this constantly checking
and assessing situations but it's not
like they're going to be twiddling their
thumbs there's plenty of other resources
here than to tap into there's berry
patches and there's other species of
salmon spawning a little bit further
downstream stream and the bear behind us
all right we've got a bear come to check
out the salmon situation we hope
geez look at that it's like it's playing
tiddlywinks with those rocks it's gonna
got the finesse of a ballet dancer but
with the power of a bulldozer no
director has his back to it all this is
how you do it
no sudden movements
and suddenly
nice and calm
and the bear just carries on this
business fantastic
now the easiest way for humans to get
around this landscape is unfortunately
by the trails that the Bears have set
down over the years we were just about
to head that way we're going to give
that bear a little bit of time to get
ahead of us and carry on his business
you